Add gap support (#564)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-upgrades: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/writing-upgradeable.adoc

    uint128 base2b; // 16 bytes - continues from the same slot as above
    uint256[48] __gap;
}
----

> To help determine the proper storage gap size in the new version of your contract, you can write a test that uses the `validateUpgrade()` function from xref:api-hardhat-upgrades.adoc#validate-upgrade[Hardhat Upgrades] or xref:api-truffle-upgrades.adoc#validate-upgrade[Truffle Upgrades]. If a storage gap is not being reduced properly, you will see an error message indicating the expected size of the storage gap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help determine the proper storage gap size in the new version of your contract, you can simply attempt an upgrade using `upgradeProxy` or just run the validations with `validateUpgrade` (see docs for xref:api-hardhat-upgrades.adoc[Hardhat] or xref:api-truffle-upgrades.adoc[Truffle]). If a storage gap is not being reduced properly, you will see an error message indicating the expected size of the storage gap.
```
